hey everybody it's Jay here at ultimate
basis I am here with this gorgeous
emperor - from fo Dara oh she's nice
let's take a look here we've got a
mahogany body with an altar heel block a
finally peace ash neck with ebony
stringers she's saucy a holly top no
that's nice
evany board with mother-of-pearl inlays
we've got seymour duncan dual coil
pickups Oh Ron you got yourself a keeper
don't let her go let's see what she
sounds like we're gonna set her flat and
we're going to take a run through all
the bells and whistles let's do this
you
so as mentioned this base is spoken for
Ron get excited but if you have any
questions about poder a basis or
anything that's on your mind really give
the Chancellor an email at info at
ultimate basis that CA and he can help
you order the base of a lifetime now
we'll see you next time